hi friends this is trying with runaway
rice this week is all about the
sandwiches and I'm sharing with you a
really easy and tasty recipe for a
grilled pork sandwich to make the
grilled pork we will need pork
tenderloin brown sugar black pepper
minced garlic minced shallots lemongrass
paste or fresh lemongrass dark soy sauce
fish sauce
vodka five-spice marinade sesame oil and
canola oil for the sandwich we will need
French baguette mayonnaise pate Persian
cucumbers cilantro jalapeno carrot and
daikon pickles and Maggi sauce let's
start with the pork we need just half a
pound of pork this will make two meaty
8-inch sandwiches we can trim the pork
of any excess fat and then we slice into
thin slices about a quarter inch thick
now we can make our meat marinade in a
large bowl add brown sugar black pepper
minced garlic and minced shallots as of
short cuts I'm using lemongrass paste
you can use the same amount of fresh
lemongrass as well
onto the sauces let's add soy sauce fish
sauce our homemade vodka five-spice
marinade and now let's add sesame oil
and canola oil now we combine all the
ingredients together next we add the
meat to the marinade and we toss
everything together making sure the meat
is evenly coated with the marinade we
let the meat marinate in the
refrigerator for at least 2 hours
overnight is best
now it's time to grill we can grill this
on a barbecue outside but today we're
grilling inside using a double burner
cast iron grill we heat the grill over
medium heat until it's nice and hot and
then we add the pork pieces we cook the
pork on the first side for approximately
four to five minutes and then we flip
them over
we grill the meat on the other side for
another three minutes we remove the pork
from the grill and allow it to cool just
a bit before we make our sandwiches now
we can assemble our sandwich take the
loaf of French baguette and slice off
the end next slice off an 8 inch section
of the bread we cut the bread in half
lengthwise let's spread mayonnaise on
one half of the bread and we spread pate
on the other half now for the vegetables
let's put down a little bit of cilantro
add the Persian cucumbers for a nice
crunch if you like it spicy add some
jalapenos now add a generous amount of
our delicious grilled pork we finish the
sandwich with tangy carrot and daikon
pickles and we top it off with just a
little bit more cilantro sprinkle a few
drops of the Maggi sauce on top for
additional seasoning the only step left
is to enjoy this delicious grilled pork
sandwich
hi I hope you've enjoyed this easy
how-to video if you have any questions
or comments please feel free to post
below for full recipes check out runaway
rice calm I work on new recipes and post
new videos every week so please
subscribe to my channel to stay tuned
this is Trang wishing you good eating
and good health thanks for watching